from the idiots that brung you Dumb and
Dumber to and happen have a Phillips
head screwdriver would you
he's the man with the rubber hands
creepy he's the Amish kid with the
golden arm row you could be a champion
I'm just not interested yes sir now
these two pinheads will teach each other
about life in the fast lane you're about
to embark on a great adventure does
anyone else want one Oh take a couple
Jags my woody harrelson would have been
doing all these years drinking Randy
Quaid this is pretty good fun for only
$2.99 a minute
Vanessa angel and big bad Bill Murray
on July 26 Oh watch the door get your
mind in the gutter I will pay you 1
million dollars to sleep with your
friend here kingpin are you still
drinking no no no I I don't that's
that's behind me now I just why are you
buying